Updated SETTING_PATH.md for changes to affect all users (#176)
IBM/ibmi-oss-docs: troubleshooting/SETTING_PATH.md

echo 'export PATH' >> /QOpenSys/etc/profile
```

Another way to make this change for all users that will also affect PASE programs called
directly via QP2SHELL is to add the PASE_PATH environment variable at *SYS level. You

> may want to do this in addition to the above, make test all your use cases to ensure the path
> is as desired (ie QP2TERM, QP2SHELL, and SSH). Run this as a *SECOFR class user:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
may want to do this in addition to the above, make sure to test all your use cases
(eg. QP2TERM, QP2SHELL, and SSH) to ensure the path is as desired. Run this as a *SECOFR
class user:
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```text
```
